lib: add ble_radio_notification and sample (#351)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf-bm: samples/bluetooth/ble_radio_notification/README.rst

         * - `nRF54L15 DK`_ (emulating nRF54L05)
           - PCA10156
           - S115
           - bm_nrf54l15dk/nrf54l05/cpuapp/s115_softdevice

   .. group-tab:: MCUboot board variants

      The following board variants have DFU capabilities.

      .. list-table::
         :header-rows: 1

         * - Hardware platform
           - PCA
           - SoftDevice
           - Board target
         * - `nRF54L15 DK`_
           - PCA10156
           - S115
           - bm_nrf54l15dk/nrf54l15/cpuapp/s115_softdevice/mcuboot
         * - `nRF54L15 DK`_ (emulating nRF54L10)
           - PCA10156
           - S115
           - bm_nrf54l15dk/nrf54l10/cpuapp/s115_softdevice/mcuboot
         * - `nRF54L15 DK`_ (emulating nRF54L05)
           - PCA10156
           - S115
           - bm_nrf54l15dk/nrf54l05/cpuapp/s115_softdevice/mcuboot

Overview
********

The sample initialize the radio notification library and register a handler to trigger both when the radio will be enabled and disabled.
The handler toggle the LED0 depending on the radio state.

Programming the S115 SoftDevice
*******************************

.. include:: /includes/softdevice_flash.txt

> .. _ble_hrs_sample_testing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _ble_radio_notification_sample_testing:
```

Building and running
********************

> This sample can be found under :file:`samples/bluetooth/ble_hrs/` in the |BMshort| folder structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample can be found under :file:`samples/bluetooth/ble_radio_notification/` in the |BMshort| folder structure.
```
